1: Implementation Contributions: 

Audric Ganser - ag46372
Contributed: 33%
Side Menu implementation
Storyboard implementation for profile, allergies, diet restrictions
UI updates

David Ares -da27577
Contributed: 33%
API Calls to Spoonacular for recipe data
Search with Pantry Items
Search for any recipes
	
Hassaan Raza - hr7233
Contributed: 33%
Firebase integration/authentication
Menu View Controller
User Profiles
	
2: Same Grade to for all members

3: Differences
Finding recipes with user’s current items:
When a user clicks the ‘Search Pantry’ button on the home screen, a search query will be performed using their ingredients listed in their pantry. 
If no items have been added to the list, the result cells will be empty 

Search recipes:
Once a user is on the search results screen. They can click the search bar and enter a value. On pressing return, a search for that value will be performed and displayed
For example: a user can enter ‘chicken salad’ and they will see chicken salad recipes 

Favorites Recipes:
Users do not have the ability to select a favorite recipe yet. Will be done on final release

Food Label Scanner:
Food Label Scanner feature has not been implemented yet. This will be done in final version.

Expanding User Profiles:
User profiles can be reached by pressing the menu button on the home screen. 
The Menu has five options (Home, Profile, Food Allergies, Diet Restrictions, Logout)
Home: returns you to the home screen
Profile: opens a view that displays the user’s email. (More information about the user will be added in final version)
Food Allergies: displays a table view of toggle options for each kind of major food allergy. (This toggle options do not currently persist. In final it will be saved in the database and used in queries.)
Diet Restrictions: displays a table view of toggle options for each kind of major dietary restriction like vegan or dairy free. (This toggle options do not currently persist. In final it will be saved in the database and used in queries.)
Logout: this button logs the user out.

4: Special Instructions
Please run the file called PantryFi.xcworkspace (the white logo file)
Run app and press the ‘Create Account’ button. After registering, sign into your account. 
You will be able to add items to Pantry and you will get dynamic search results when clicking on the ‘Search Pantry’ button. 
The app is for iPhone 7 and 7 plus models only.

